Exercises 2 13 (#712)
mlr-org/mlr3book: book/chapters/chapter2/data_and_basic_modeling.qmd

## Exercises

1. Train a classification model with the `classif.rpart` learner on the "Pima Indians Diabetes" dataset.
  Do this without using `tsk("pima")`, and instead by constructing a task from the dataset in the `mlbench`-package: `data(PimaIndiansDiabetes2, package = "mlbench")`.
  Make sure to define the `pos` outcome as positive class.
  Train the model on a random 80% subset of the given data and evaluate its performance with the classification error measure on the remaining data.
  (Note that the data set has NAs in its features.

>   You can either rely on `rpart`'s capability to handle them internally -- the so-called surrogate splits -- or remove them from the initial `data.frame` by using `na.omit`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You can either rely on `rpart`'s capability to handle them internally ('surrogate splits') or remove them from the initial `data.frame` by using `na.omit`.
```
